
Starlight Platform API - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Last Updated: August 20, 2025

Welcome to the Starlight Platform API! This document provides answers to common questions to help you get started with your integration.

1. How do I get an API key to authenticate my requests?
To get your API key, you must first log in to your Starlight Platform account. Navigate to the Admin Dashboard, then click on the "API & Integrations" tab. In this section, you will find a button labeled "Generate New API Key." Your key will be a long string starting with sk_....

Remember to treat your API key like a password and keep it secure. You must include this key in the header of every request for authentication, like so:
Authorization: Bearer sk_your_api_key

2. Are there any rate limits I should be aware of?
Yes. To ensure fair usage and system stability for all our clients, the Starlight Platform API is rate-limited. By default, your account is limited to 100 requests per minute.

If you exceed this limit, you will receive a 429 Too Many Requests HTTP status code. We recommend implementing a retry mechanism with exponential backoff in your application to handle these cases gracefully. If you require a higher rate limit for your application, please contact our support team to discuss your use case.

3. What is the data format for API responses?
All data returned by the Starlight Platform API is in JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format. Successful responses will always have a 200 OK HTTP status code and a body containing the requested data.

A typical successful response structure will look like this:

JSON

{
  "status": "success",

  "data": {
    "report_id": "rpt_12345",
    "results": [...]
  },
  "pagination": {
    "next_page_token": "token_abcde"
  }
}
4. How should I handle API errors?
The API uses standard HTTP status codes to indicate the success or failure of a request. You should build your integration to handle the following common error codes:

400 Bad Request: Your request was malformed. This could be due to a missing required parameter or an invalid value. The response body will contain a message field with more details.

401 Unauthorized: Your API key is missing, invalid, or expired.

404 Not Found: The resource you requested does not exist.

500 Internal Server Error: An unexpected error occurred on our end. Please wait a moment and try your request again. If the problem persists, check our status page or contact support.

5. Can you provide a simple example of fetching a report?
Certainly. To fetch a basic analytics report, you would make a GET request to the /reports endpoint. You can use a tool like curl to test this from your command line.

Here is an example that fetches a report with the ID rpt_12345:

Bash

curl -X GET "https://api.starlight-orbitai.com/v1/reports/rpt_12345"      -H "Authorization: Bearer sk_your_api_key"
This will return the full JSON payload for that specific report, which you can then parse and use in your application.

